Fix broken dynamic workflows link in README (#7273)
flyteorg/flyte: README.md

🧬 **Data lineage**: Track the movement and transformation of data throughout the lifecycle of your data and ML workflows. <br />
📊 **Map tasks**: Achieve parallel code execution with minimal configuration using [map tasks](https://docs.flyte.org/en/latest/user_guide/advanced_composition/map_tasks.html). <br />
🌎 **Multi-tenancy**: Multiple users can share the same platform while maintaining their own distinct data and configurations. <br />

> 🌟 **Dynamic workflows**: [Build flexible and adaptable workflows](https://docs.flyte.org/en/latest/user_guide/advanced_composition/) that can change and evolve as needed, making it easier to respond to changing requirements. <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🌟 **Dynamic workflows**: [Build flexible and adaptable workflows](https://www.union.ai/docs/v1/flyte/user-guide/core-concepts/workflows/dynamic-workflows) that can change and evolve as needed, making it easier to respond to changing requirements. <br />
```
